DJI Agra Drone

“Better Growth, Better Life”

Object Description

The DJI Agras T40 Agricultural Drone, a groundbreaking creation twelve years in the making, boasts a maximum payload of 50 kg for spreading operations and 40L for spraying[1]. Its operational efficiency is doubled, supporting multiple application scenarios, including spraying, spreading, and lifting tasks. Featuring industry-leading safety systems[2] and advanced algorithms, it delivers unparalleled safety performance and an intelligent operational experience. Source: DJI.com

From Farmland to Frontline

In an incident documented by displaced civilians, footage shared on July 17, 2024, shows a DJI Agras drone dropping a bomb onto the IHH Turkish charity’s building in Jabalia, northern Gaza, less than 100 metres (330ft) from a school serving as a shelter and aid distribution centre. Source: Al Jazeera, youtube

In November in Beit Lahia, northern Gaza, a DJI Agras drone dropped a bomb in a residential neighbourhood where civilians had fled after Israeli shelling of a UN-operated school-turned-shelter.  Source Al Jazeera

Object Profile

DJI is a Chinese tech giant known globally for consumer and agricultural drones. The Agras model, designed for crop dusting, can carry heavy loads with precision aljazeera.com. Until recently, it was an unlikely weapon. We note that DJI had suspended sales to Russia and Ukraine in 2022 amid misuse in warfare aljazeera.com, but pointedly “has not stopped selling drones to Israel.”aljazeera.com This Chinese-made gadget has been repurposed into a tool of war over Gaza. Since DJI did not ban sales to Israel, units were acquired and then retrofitted by the Israeli military. Investigative reports reveal the Israeli army was extensively using DJI drones by 2018, even training operators on models like the Matrice 600aljazeera.com. By late 2023, engineers in the IDF were customizing Agras drones to carry improvised explosives and grenades aljazeera.

Who makes money

Accel - Institutional Investor 

Sequioa Capital China
